Q-> Introduce yourself.
    Good morning Sir.

    At first, I am thankful to you sir for giving me this golden opportunity to introduce myself in front of you.

    I am Rahul Kumar Vishwakarma, I am from UP Mirzapur Dist, now I live airoli, new mumbai and I am 29 years old.

    About my educational qualifications, I have completed my b.tech in civil enginnering from IERT allahabad in 2015, SSE from SMSIC mzp 2018 and HSC from LNM 2008. I am cuurently doing full stack development course from Newton School, I have additional qualifications as basic knowledge in computer application.
    I have worked as civil site execution enginneer in ACIL from 2018 to 2021.
    

    Apart from that, coming to my family background, in my family, there are 3 members including me. I am married.

    About my strengths, I am a self-motivated person, I am eager to learn different things, I am a punctual and energetic person. I always stay calm and relaxed during any vicissitudes of life.

    My weakness is that I am an emotional person and sometime overthink in critical situations, but I am trying to overcome my weakness.

    My short-term goal is to work in a reputed company as yours, and I wanted to learn many things, and by learning these things I will get experience also from it.

    And my long-term goal is to archive a good position where I can build my career as well as an organisation too, and the also goal is to achieve a higher position in a reputed company.

    My hobbies are listening to music , watching movies and gaming.

    That's all about me.

    Thank you again for this opportunity.
Q-> What are your strengths and weaknesses?
    Coming to my stength I am quick learner and a good problem solver. I have been good in my acadmics specially in maths. I can come with new Ideas and ways to solve the problems.
    My weakness are i am emotional person and overthink in some situalions but i can say I have came a long way.


Q-> What are your short-term and long-term goals?
    My short-term goal is to work in a reputed company as yours, and I wanted to learn many things, and by learning these things I will get experience also from it. 
Q-> What does success mean to you?
    for me its sense of accomplishment and career progression. To achieve my goals or make progress toward my goals.
    To fullfill my duties toward my family, freinds or worlds.
    Success has no deadline.
Q-> What is the difference between ""Group"" and ""Team""?
    A team is a number of people who work together to accomplish a shared purpose or goal. Each team is the sum of its parts, which means members of the team rely on one another to accomplish the outcome.

    In short, a group is a number of people who work together. They have individual goals that they work toward collectively. While groups work toward separate goals, they have a related interest or identity that brings them together.

    In a work group, group members are independent from one another and have individual accountability. On the other hand, in a team, team members share a mutual accountability and work closely together to solve problems. These dynamics inform the way tasks are handled and overall collaboration. 
    In a work group, group members are independent from one another and have individual accountability. On the other hand, in a team, team members share a mutual accountability and work closely together to solve problems. These dynamics inform the way tasks are handled and overall collaboration. 

Q-> How do you work with an unreliable teammate?
    Identify employee behaviour
    Identify cause and understanding action 
    Communicate with team for solution
    Informing seniour authority if neccessary or out of control means take propriate action

Q-> How do you handle constructive criticism?
    Avoid immediately reacting. Feedback can engage our fight or flight response and turn a theoretically helpful session into an adrenaline-filled challenge. Before responding, take a deep breath and resist the urge to react, respond, or argue.

    If need be, remind yourself that constructive criticism can help you improve. Even if you didn’t know this feedback was coming, try to remember that this constructive criticism is being offered with your best interests at heart.

    Listen to understand—not to respond. When someone is offering constructive criticism, listen without formulating a reply or a defensive response to the feedback. Keep in mind that the person is offering feedback in order to try to help you, and try to listen with an open mind.

    Connect the feedback to your role, not to yourself. Feedback feels personal because we think people are criticizing us. But in a business setting, constructive criticism is usually based on your role. Good feedback can help you improve in your job and often isn’t as personal as it feels.

    Thank the person giving you feedback. Giving constructive feedback is hard. Thank the person for their energy and effort in helping you improve.

    Ask questions, but don’t challenge the feedback. Though you shouldn’t challenge or refute the feedback, it’s ok to ask questions and brainstorm how you can improve. If you aren’t ready to ask questions immediately after receiving critical feedback, that’s ok too. Set a follow up meeting to chat more about how you can improve
    Q-> Would you hide the truth your employer asks you to?

Q-> Describe yourself in one word.
    I consider my a practical person. I like to react situalion accordingly and with all my experience and current situalion.


Q-> Do you read?
    Yes i like to read about interested fiels usually like automobiles, technonogy , science, sport. It it includes more of a digital media,
    newpapers sometime

1. What are your key Strengths & Weakness?
    
2. What are your greatest achievements?
    My last job we have a deadline project to accomplish task of achieve 5 floor in 2 months which required a team work and pushing ourself 
    I was glad to accomplish it within time.
    And when in decided to make into web development i started with self learning then joined Newton School to get professinal training from
    experienced and revellant skillsets I have cosistently top performer of my batch and even got selected in advance dsa batch. 
    i had no prior knowledge of java and dsa but in learning phase i made pushed myself harder and result was great.
    even now i been top performer in batch.

3. What are your future goals?
    My long-term goal is to see myself handling challenging responsibilities and working in multiple domains and having a stable financial background.
    
4. On a scale of 1-10, how would you rate yourself on grounds of your skills required for this position?
    I would rate myself 8
5. What do you think about improvement areas?
    I would say in technaical field a i want to get comfirtable with node and reactjs advance concepts application of neccessary quickly
    And that would centainerly come up with experience
    
6. What have you done to improve yourself?
    I started watching myself like continoulsy and having self observation of my action, what i do everday and how my passing. 
    I questions myself and anylise. this way i get idea to improve myself. Also i take suggestions from senior , mentor, and friends.
7. Was your work ever criticized? What did you do?
    past experience i  have been criticized for some of action plan. project was to achieve quick and also quality result in constrution 
    in bw them i given edge to speed over quality. i got some criticism from client and also from my manager.
    then i decided to make a balance bw them.

8. Did you face any problems in your last role?
    I didn’t faced any problem for role although my role was time inconsistence. I always has interese in technolgy and computer field 
    when i started 
9. Do you prefer to work alone or in a team?
    I am comfirtable with both but prefer to work in team. A team is always greater than sum of individual. I remember a quote in my company none of us better than all of us. 

10. How do you handle stress?
    try stay calm in its peek stage like silent observer of yourself
    take care of myself
    take a break if neccessary
    do the things i enjoy
    talk to other whom i consider they can give suggestions like friends family teacher mentor
    when i beame calm anylise root cause of stress and think of its optimum solution

11. How important is work-life balance to you?
12. In case you have two offers in hand how will you choose one?
    First of all I would give prefence to my interset work field. Then I would choose accoring to learning apportualy, skill improvement opportunity and which provide me more career growth opportunities.
13. What holds more importance for you: work or money?
    “As a parent, I definitely think about earning enough money to make ends meet. Still, I believe that choosing a job that I enjoy and am good at will make me happier in the long run. I like working with my hands and enjoy doing work that helps me improve my skills, and that drives me to keep doing my best.”
14. What makes you unique?
    I really enjoy learning new things and am constantly seeking out new learning opportunities. I always strive to better my skills 
    I am good problem solver and can came up with new and effective ideas which is essiantialy required specially in coding field.
15. Tell me about the toughest decision you had to make in the last six months?
    for me its decision to leave my current field ie civil enginner and make it into it sector/ web develpoer. my its my passion when i started to try out this i realised i would be more happy working in this domain and working in field where my interest lies 
